So, guys, before actually we proceed further to learn how to write a true democracy.
It is important for us to understand that exactly how far looks.
So you can see in this slide that I have written the syntax of the for loop.
So you can see that the for loop has four parts, the initialization part condition part, next iteration
part and the body part.
Somehow let us discuss the sequence in which each of these parts are for loop execute the very first
part of the for loop which execute is the initialization part.
And note that for a loop the initialization part executes only once after that.
The next part that execute is the conditioned part.
Right.
And only when this condition is true, then the next part that execute is the body part.
Right?
Once the execution of the body part has finished, then the next part of the for loop that executes
is that next iteration part.
Right, and then again, after the execution of next iteration, part of the follow, the condition,
part of the for loop executes again.
And when this condition is true, then again, the body part of the for loop execute.
So you can see that in the for loop here is a loop.
So the loop is between the step number three, step number four and step number five.
And this loop keeps on going as long as this condition is true.
So this is how for Loop actually works.
Things to note here is that that the initialization part executes only once.
And the next important thing to notice about this for Loop is that that immediately after the conditioned
part is evaluated and if the condition is true, then the body part executes.
It is only after the body part has completed its execution, then only the next iteration, part of
the for loop executes.
And then the cycle between the step three, step four and step five keeps on going as long as the condition
is evaluated to true.
So now, having learned the semantics of the for loop, we will write iterative macros, which will
be actually wrapper over for loops.
So now let us discuss how to write iterative macro to iterate over our linked list.
So now let us discuss our first example of writing my crew to outrage over our linked list in the next
slide.